HeeJin: It took a very long time to become the entire group of LOOΠΔ...
HeeJin: And I know all of you have waited for it for a long time.
HeeJin: I can't thank you enough for your endless love and support~
HeeJin: We really appreciate it!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/yyxy - one way"
(All 12 girls shedding a lot of tears during two days)
Chuu: Thank you so much!
HaSeul: How was it, everyone?
Chuu: I'm very happy!
HeeJin: And I feel sad. Because time west so fast!
HaSeul: It was the entire group of LOOΠΔ
's very first performance
HaSeul: And LOOΠΔ/yyxy did their first performance here, the fan meeting.
Yves: Right, it was very meaningful to us.
Yves: And I cried so much like this...
Yves: It's just that meaningful and touching moment for me.
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/yyxy - rendezvous 18.6y"
Kim Lip: Actually, I got so nervous
Kim Lip: However your sincere support and loud cheering definitely encouraged me.
Kim Lip: And I also realized how much you love us.
Kim Lip: Thank you so much!
YeoJin: We will wrap up the fan meeting now!
YeoJin: There will be a performance of the entire group of LOOΠΔ on August!
YeoJin: So please look forward to it!
(See you again everyone on August!)